Welp I did it again. I was highly over ambitious.
BUT this time I think it payed off!!

Having everything on one page definitely made things a lot trickier and organization was a nightmare but Im pretty happy with how things turned out

I think in the end some of my favourite features were probably the topography style effect in the banner, the video that plays on scroll and the horizontal gallery.

I do like the album section I just think I devoted wayyyy too much time in trying to get the spinning on scroll to work initially as it was the first thing I experimented with when using gsap

GSAP, oh gsap I have a love hate relationship with gsap
Very helpful! Definitely! But also I spent 2 days trying to understand why nothing was working only to realize BY ACCIDENT
that apparently when you list your script sources gsap and any js librarys have to go BEFORE your script...
I scoured that gsap website and their forum and NOWHERE did i find this information
you know how I figured it out?

I REDID EVERYTHING FROM SCRATCH

yeah did you notice how the files called A3.1 ? More realisitically this was probably liek A3.4 but its fineeeeee I worked it out. And my scouring of the gsap website actually proved to be
quite helpful when working on other elements for the site 


Lets see what else...

I spent a lot of time in the beginning trying to find inspo cuz I couldnt decide on the vibe I wanted for the site
originally I wanted to make a fun bright scrapbook colllage style for everything but that wouldve involved a fuckkkkkkkk ton of CSS which im not gonna lie to u i really do not like
Javascript is sooooo much more fun and rewarding imo, CSS is just grappling with differnt layouts, pixels and percentages until you either get it or give up.

But I do really vibe with the whole black white and red 
some of my pictures and the album covers definitely ruin the aesthetic a bit but i think overall its pretty cohesive

I think for my real portfolio tho I would try and go for a hybrid of this grunge vibe and the fun scrapbook. I cant be looking all emo to potential employers.
You know my last job interview, she saw my old portfolio and she said afterwards that from my portfolio she thought I would be more "quirky" but I actually did very well in the interview
like thank you? what does that mean??? So I guess for my next portfolio I should embrass the quirky idk

Overall fun assignment I think doing the one page website definitely paid off as I will almost definitely be doing the same for my real portfolio and yeah I got a lot of ideas to put towards it
soooo like 7/10? Annoying but rewarding and actually you get a bonus half point because this is the last assignment I have to submit before my exams yay!
